DOC-1256 clarify status of zoning and offloading (#1285)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: SpatialGDK/Documentation/content/authority.md

## GDK authority

> Because you can use the GDK with multiple [server-workers]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#worker) using [zoning]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#zoning), authority needs to be dictated by SpatialOS so that it is shared between server-workers. This means server-workers have authority over some Actors but don’t have authority over other Actors, depending on how SpatialOS assigns authority. **This is a key difference between the GDK and native Unreal networking!**

Reviewer: Thinking remove passive voice.
Remove "dictate" suggest allocate.
"share" could be confusing - server-worker instances never share authority as only one has authority at any time.
"have authority over some Actors but don’t have authority over other Actors" second half of sentence is redundant, I think?
Also they might only have authority over some Actors.

```suggestion
Because you can use the GDK with multiple [server-workers]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#worker) using [zoning]({{urlRoot}}/content/glossary#zoning), authority SpatialOS needs to specify authority, so that it can allocate authority appropriately between server-workers. This means that, when you use zoning, at any given moment, server-worker instances might have authority over only some Actors, depending on how SpatialOS assigns authority. **This is a key difference between the GDK and native Unreal networking!**
```

Author: This page needs some TLC. Will make these updates for now!

> **Note:** Support for zoning is currently in pre-alpha. We invite you to try out the [multiserver zoning shooter tutorial]({{urlRoot}}/content/tutorials/multiserver-shooter/tutorial-multiserver-intro) and learn about how it works, but we don’t recommend you start developing features that use zoning yet.

> We use the term “authoritative” when a server-worker has authority over an Actor and “non-authoritative” when it doesn’t.

Author: BTW, I didn't add this - I'm not sure if we want to get rid right now (might take a bit of work to change throughout) or make a ticket.

Reviewer: "authoritative" <sobs>
You can imagine my face.

I think this needs a ticket. (It might be a quick-fix for you tomorrow?)

Author: Haha! That's why I added the disclaimer :D 
I'll have a go now.

Author: Unfortunately "IsAuthoritative" is there in the code, but we can still change it in the docs.
